0x02. C - Functions, nested loops
_______________________________________________________________________________
In c, we can divide a large program into the basic building blocks known as
function. The function contains the set of programming statements enclosed by
{}. A function can be called multiple times to provide reusability and
modularity to the C program. In other words, we can say that the collection
of functions creates a program. The function is also known as procedureor
subroutinein other programming languages.

C supports nesting of loops in C. Nesting of loops is the feature in C that
allows the looping of statements inside another loop. Let's observe an example of nesting loops in C.

Any number of loops can be defined inside another loop, i.e., there is no
restriction for defining any number of loops. The nesting level can be defined at n times. You can define any type of loop inside another loop; for example,
you can define 'while' loop inside a 'for' loop.
_______________________________________________________________________________
This directory contain C functions and nested loops tasks of ALX Software
Engineering program:

0. _putchar
Write a program that prints Holberton, followed by a new line.

1. I sometimes suffer from insomnia. And when I can't fall asleep, I play what I call the alphabet game
Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.

2. 10 x alphabet
Write a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by  new line.

3. islower
Write a function that checks for lowercase character.

4. isalpha
Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.

5. Sign
Write a function that prints the sign of a number.

6. There is no such thing as absolute value in this world. You can only estimate what a thing is worth to you
Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.

7. There are only 3 colors, 10 digits, and 7 notes; it's what we do with them
that's important
Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.

8. I'm federal agent Jack Bauer, and today is the longest day of my life
Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.

9. Learn your times table
Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.

10. a + b
Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.

11. Holberton School, 98 Battery Street, the OG
Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.

12. The World looks like a multiplication-table, or a mathematical equation, which, turn it how you will, balances itself
Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.

13. Nature made the natural numbers; All else is the work of women
If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.

14. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print thefirst 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A
Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and2, followed by a new line.

15. Even Liber Abbaci
Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous twoterms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13,21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose valuesdo not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.

16. In computer class, the first assignment was to write a program to print thefirst 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I wrote a program that would steal passwords of students. My teacher gave me an A+
Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
